Update CLAUDE.md (#9365)
monarch-initiative/mondo: CLAUDE.md

- NEVER guess gene identifiers

Example: For MYCBP2 gene, use `http://identifiers.org/hgnc/23386`, NOT `http://identifiers.org/hgnc/7557`

**CRITICAL**: Always verify gene identifiers for non-human animal diseases, use gene identifiers from NCBI gene:

> - Search at: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/gene

Author: ```suggestion
- To search for a gene within a species, e.g. dog, use a search URL like https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/gene/?term=Canis+lupus+familiaris+MAP9
```
